
Fight until start attacking main castle

Felicia: Look! More troops are arriving from the south!
Gunter: More enemy reinforcements...
Take caution, Lord Huras

Take control of the main castle.

Omozu: Do you even realize what you've done here today?
Omozu: Hoshido won't stand for unprovoked attacks like this. Revenge will be ours!

Fight between the remaining hoshidan soldiers and Huras party.

Control of the castle is taken.

Hoshidan reiforcements arive.

Huras: This wasn't what I had in mind...byt at least I've completed Dather's mission.

Saizo: You're the leader of these tooops? Pah. 
You're nothing more than a boy.

Huras: Who are you?

Saizo: My name is Saizo. I've come to claim your life.

Huras: Hey! Everyone! We're still under attack!

Saizo: Destroy them!

???: I won't allow it!

Xander appears and saves Huras from Saizo's attack.

Saizo: What?! This must be their real commander...

Xander: What's going on here, Huras?

Huras: Xander! How did you know we were in trouble?

Leo, Elise and Camilla arives.

Leo: We've arrived just in time. Your luck never runs out, does it, Brother?

Camilla: Are you all right? I was so worried about you.

Elise: We're all here for you, Huras!

Huras: Thank you, everyone!
Um, but before we get too carried away...
we ARE under attack.

Camilla: Who dares attack my beloved Huras?
I'll have their heads on a platter!

Huras: I'm not hurt, Camilla.

Camilla: But, darling...it's the thought that counts!

Camilla neutralizes 2 of the enemy soldiers.

Huras: I never knew Camilla could be so...ruthless...

Elise:
Heehee! That right, you've never seen her on the battlefield before.

Saizo: This is not going well...

Kagero: Saizo! What's wrong? What's our status?

Saizo: I misjudged the situation.
We're outnumbered.

Saizo: Kagero, do we have anyone else on the way?

Kagero: Affirmative. Lord Ryoma is right behind me.

Saizo: Ahh... Then I think this battle is as good as won.

Xander: It looks like more Hoshidan reiforcements ar eon the way.

Leo: Indeed... What should we do?

Xander: Well, Huras is safe and he fort's condition has been evaluated.

Xander: There's no reason to enagage Hoshido further at this point.

Xander: Huras, you take the lead with Gunter.

Xander: We'll follow close behind.

Huras: Will do. Thank you, Xander.

Huras, Gunter and Felicia leave.

Huras: Gunter, have you seen Felicia?
She was here a second ago...

Gunter: I'm sure she's right behind us.

Gunter: Now hurry up. I can't stand being on this bridge a moment longer.

Hans appears.

Hans: Don't worry-you wont have to stand there much longer.

Huras: Hans!

Gunter: What is the meaning of this?

Hans: Less talk. More death.

Hans attacks Gunter, that fights back but end falling from the bridge.

Huras: Hans, no!



